How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Viewing a diff between two versions of a file helped me to check what line had a typo,
so I could fast find my way to resolve the issue.

To get to this solution fast, I need to have a version files of the same code.
In addiction, lines that were changed should be short to help to identify the issue,
plus should be a few code changeds between on old version and the newer, so we have
less code to view where is the issue althought It's good to save a version with logical blocks of code.
So we could recheck our old versions with some logical content.
That's means It's a good idea if we could have a version control of our files.
----------------------------
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

you could know when was made the changes, and how could you act to resolved some issue.
----------------------------
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
The pros is that you can save logical blocks which can be easier to understand during a revision.
The cons is that you might forget to save or choose a wrong moment to generate a commit. You put a "human prone error" variable.
----------------------------
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit because this group of files probably are related each others, so It's good to save a state of all theses files in some moment.
----------------------------
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
just type then in a git repository.
PS.: git diff is obsolte. In this case, use:
         git difftool <sha_older> <sha_newer>
PS.2: git repository is a collection of files plus theirs histories of version control.
----------------------------
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Version control makes me more confident to make changes that could break something because I just can revert to an old state and compare were created the bug, or in worse cases, just revert all my code to an older version of It.
----------------------------
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to try to develop new apps within It.
----------------------------
